matt 9.15 isa 58.1-
luke 5.35 joel 2.12
fasting does not change God
is my hand too short to deliver, because they could not trust God
matt 17.14
if you cant overcome the powers of your belly then you can not overcome the demons
the thing you control first is you flesh then other situations
we fast so that we aline our flesh to the spirt.
how much do you want God.
james 5.13
when you have problems you like to tell pple, you like pple to fell sorry for you. you want to be ceneter of attention
some of us here we move by facts not by faith
see then belive but faith is belive then you will see
our plans do not come to pass because we talk too much, we do not know when to gaurd our tongue.
here at church ot everyone wants you to be happy. jude 12 ,8
we make to many promise that we cant keep
we even fail to pray bcoz we say we dont have time. during the maybe yes but use the night.
one preacher said he prays for 6 mins every hour but at night he changes gears.even on sundays 
after church he go to his closet for hours talking to God or even meditating thnking
pray more jude 20
first thing that Jesus after recieving the Holy Spirit he had to fast. we have to live like Jesus since Jesus is in us
we are fasting not to get breahthrough
fasting positoins your spirit, it gets your spirit to overcome the flesh
when you feel thirst you can just pickup a cup of water, who is controling who?
but when you deiced that i will drink the water after 15 mins then your teaching your flesh to obey not to control you.
then the flesh will know that it doesnt have power but it is a slave.
for example when we fast for 21 days if you notice after ypou finish fast, you still want to continue? why
bcoz the flesh is now under control. the problem that we have is that we allow the flesh to control us, bcoz of our love of food
do you know that glutton is a sin
all our problem are in the natuarl, hence when you flesh is controlling you, you wiil be overcomed by the world.
the world has nice things.
when one is tempted he is drawn into his lust 
what causes depression, stress, sucide? its all bout the flesh. everything is about pride.what does bible say about pride?
pride is not from God.

matt 6.16
fasting is expected as a beliver. is not a chose 
act 13.2


1 sam14.22


when we look at act 13.2 after fasting that was when the Holy Spirit was using barnabas and saul. do i have to really fast. the q is
do you want to hear from the holy spirit? 
we think or say that am waiting for the lord whilist is the lord waiting for you.
for you to be commited to the lord you need to fast acts 14.23
look at mark 2 jesus compares fasting a
like put win into old jar

